what's going on Dragon Ball Z fans under
the entertainment gaming here back at it
with another what-if battle now what if
super baby Vegeta battled super Gogeta
now I know what a lot of you guys may be
thinking this is actually a very
accurate match because number one this
is not the potaro fusion so therefore go
Jesus power is not multiplied it is only
a you know additionally added via Goku
and Vegeta's power now we all know how
baby with you that can operate we saw
him battle in Dragon Ball GT even though
GT is in Canon what do you guys think
would happen if these two were to fight
now honestly I think this would be
possibly one of the greatest fights ever
if these two were to assemble in battle
number one go Jesus power we really
didn't see much of it during when you
fought remember um but we do know how
strong he is because he was able to
decimate Jimbo just via a couple of
kicks couple of punches and two starting
us breaker now baby Vegeta we all know
that he can easily decimate a Super
Saiyan 3 and he's a formidable foe for a
Super Saiyan 4 now let me know the
comments section below guys on who
exactly you think you win this fight
Gogeta or baby and why also guys let me
know in the comment section below on who
do you think would be the strongest
fighter the fastest fighter the smartest
fighter um I do believe that if Gogeta
takes the fight serious he could be able
to win but if baby was to drag the
fusion out and just waiting out the hour
wait after 30 minutes I do believe that
baby would win the bottom line is this I
do believe that Gogeta may win the fight
because if goji took it serious he could
easily just do the big bang Kamehameha
or the Stardust breaker and completely
rip baby apart but if Gogeta does not
take the fight serious I do believe that
baby can win the fight easily easily and
we're not even talking transformations
either so um just imagine if Gogeta
fought gradate vegeta um but let me know
in a comment section below guys also if
you haven't already done so please
subscribe to my channel for all the
latest Dragon Ball Z news information
and updates along with some tons and
tons of what-if battles guys um also
guys if you enjoyed the video please
headed up with a like and a favorite let
me know what you guys think in the
comment section below also guys feel
free to check out my previous Dragon
Ball Z videos
I have tons of them on my channel for
you guys on this can certainly be a
great fight I really wish that they did
like a little animated series or at
least a movie where they did what if
battle is like what if Gogeta went to
hell to fight baby or he fought somebody
else you know what I mean um personally
for me this would be such a great fight
to see because both baby and Gogeta are
very relentless characters on both of
them having their own unique style and
ability but um you can't really count
baby out guys for those of you out there
who are gonna say go Judah can win
easily
you can't count baby out and vice versa
you can't really say that baby would win
but win really easily because Gogeta has
you know such great power you know he's
equivalent to uh you know he actually
he's way above a super saiyan 3i i would
say he's equivalent to a super saiyan 4
to a certain extent but let me know what
you guys think in the comment section
below I help spread this video guys to
help support the series as always
everybody stay tuned for more what-if
battles let me know in the comments
section below on some of the what-if
battles you guys want to see it and I
will make it happen look at this this is
the end of baby right here this is
exactly what I was talking about if go
Gina can pull this out then he can win
the fight easily baby would get ripped
apart and that'll be the end of the
tough of life thank you all for watching
everybody and as always subscribe and
stay tuned for more peace